# Data Analytics Fundamentals

This site provides documentation for this project.
Use the navigation to explore module-specific materials.

## How-To Guide

Many instructions are common to all our projects.

See
[⭐ **Workflow: Apply Example**](https://denisecase.github.io/pro-analytics-02/workflow-b-apply-example-project/)
to get these projects running on your machine.

## Project Documentation Pages (docs/)

- **Home** - this documentation landing page
- [**Project Instructions**](./project-instructions.md) - specific to this module
- [**Your Files**](./your-files.md) - how to copy the example and create your version
- [**Glossary**](./glossary.md) - project terms and concepts
- [**API**](./api.md) - autogenerated code documentation for public project interface
   Not easy to read, but useful once you get used to it.
- **Module-specific**
  - [RESOURCES.md](./module/RESOURCES.md)
  - [seaborn-datasets.md](./module/seaborn-datasets.md)
  - [TROUBLESHOOTING.md](./module/TROUBLESHOOTING.md)

## Custom Project

### Dataset

The dataset used is the Seaborn Iris dataset.

This dataset contains information regarding different Iris flowers.

The features are:
- sepal_length
- sepal_width
- petal_length
- petal_width
- species

This dataset contains 150 clean rows of data.

### Signals

No new signals were created from this dataset.

Every feature from the original dataset was used, but there
was a focus on species and the relationship between
petal_length and petal_width.

Species was the only categorical feature, as the rest are
all numeric.

### Experiments

The first five sections of the custom project deal with cleaning and
prepping the data.

After that, stats are looked at for a more detailed look.

A correlation matrix between the numeric fields was made as well as
three more plots.

A scatter plot to show Petal Length vs Petal Width, a box plot to show the
stats and distribution of Petal Length by species, and a histogram to show
the distribution of Petal Width across all plants.

### Results
(Describe the results you observed)

### Interpretation
(Describe what this means for your system - provide the business intelligence you gained)
